How to use this script.
1. Create a "temp_files" folder on your desktop.
2. Copy the Job_Book.py file into that folder.
3. Place files into "temp_files" folder and rename them by adding a letter and number. The first
letter of the file name corresponds to a job book folder. For instance, if the file starts with an
"A", the file corresponds to either a scope related document or a safety related document. The second character
will tell you which subfolder, "1", "2", "3", etc. For instance to place a scope document in the correct
folder, folder "A100-A200_Scope and Schedules" you simply need to add an "A1" to the start of the file name.

What the program does:
When you run the program, python will go to the "Working" directory that you specify.
It will then create a "job_book" folder in according with a list that is written in the code.
The program will then jump up a directory and then back down, using relative paths, into the
"temp_folder".
The program will return an iterator of os.DirEntry object using os.scandir of all the files in the folder.
A for loop is then used to go over the iterator and read the first two characters of the filenames.
If the first two characters correspond to one the the 14 possible folders, the file is copied into that folder.
If the first two characters DO NOT correspond to on the 14 folders, a message in the terminal window informs the user to check the files name.

Why I created this program:
Part of my job is to review the normally 100 to 300 files, or more, generated during natural gas pipeline projects.
I then have to sort this documents into the appropriate folders.
Dragging and dropping documents takes longer than expected and is prone to operator error with people
that do not pay attention to where there drag and drop the documents.
In the program, the user will simply have to identify the type of document and change two characters at the beginning of the file name.
The program does the rest of copying and pasting the files into the correct folder instead of paying a person to do it.

Ways that the program could be improved:
1. Instead of simply printing a console message to review which files weren't copy, the program appends"failed to copy" at the end of the file name.
2. After successfully copying the file into the job book folder, the program could go back into the temp folder and delete the copied file.
 
